docs: added content for PEM-3770 (#1690)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/nodes.md

  feature.workloads: disable 
```

<br />

## OS Patch Fails

> When conducting [OS Patching](../clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md), sometimes the patching process can timeout and fail. This issue is due to some OS patches requiring GRUB packages. GRUB updates often require user prompts, and if a user prompt is required during the OS patching process, the patching process will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When conducting [OS Patching](../clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md), sometimes the patching process can time out and fail. This issue is due to some OS patches requiring GRUB packages. GRUB updates often require user prompts, and if a user prompt is required during the OS patching process, the patching process will fail.
```

### Debug Steps

To resolve this issue, use the following steps:

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com/).

2. From left **Main Menu**, select **Clusters**.

3. Select the cluster that is experiencing the issue and click on its row to access the cluster details page.

4. From the cluster details page, select the **Nodes** tab.

5. Click on a cluster node to access its details page. Review the network information, such as the subnet and the network the node is in.

> 6. Log in to the infrastructure provider console of where the node is deployed in and aquire the IP address of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Log in to the infrastructure provider console and acquire the node IP address.
```
